**incremental rendering:The ability to split rendering work into chunks 
                        and spread it out over multiple frames.

**Sepatartion of concern--it is a design principle which suggest us to 
                          breakdown our projets into many projects which have their own job and then use them

**Single Responseblity principle-- in which every saperate peace of code have its own job and Responseblity 

**conditionally Rendering -- It is nothis jst hat you gave a condition before rendering 
                            just like shimmering UI how

**Local State variable -- Whenever a State variable update React trigers a reconciliation Cycle(re-render the component)

**

**Reconciliation Cycle --

Q1.What is a Microservice architecture?

    microservice architecture is a way of building software where the system is broken down into small, 
    independent pieces called microservices. Each microservice focuses on a specific function or feature 
    of the software and operates as a separate and self-contained unit.

Q2.What is Monolith architecture?

    monolithic architecture is a way of building software where everything is bundled together
    as one big piece. It's like a single, giant structure that contains all the different parts of the software,
    such as the user interface, the logic, and the database.

Q3.What is the difference between Monolith and Microservice?

Q4.Why do we need a useEffect Hook?

    use effect is normal function which takes 2 Aruguments 1st callback Function,2nd-Dependency array
    useEffect(()=>{},[]) 

Q5.What is Optional Chaining?

    it helps to access the properties of any object
    for example-
    if we do this "person.address.country" and after that
    address is null and undefined it will throw error

    person.address?.country-this is the right way if 
    address is null or no defined then it will not throw any error

Q6.What is Shimmer UI?

    it is type of a fake skelaton which appears on UI till the API bring data from DB 

Q7.What is the difference between JS expression and JS statement? 

    

Q8.What is Conditional Rendering, explain with a code example

    

Q9.What is CORS?

Q10.What is async and await?

Q11.What is the use of 'const json = await data.json(); in getRestaurants()