Q1 What is Emmet?
    emmet is a tool which helps us to write html css in fast way by using simmple abbriviations
    it gives you basic skeletion of html 

Q2 Difference between a Library and Framework?

    Library:A collection of pre-built tools that you can selectively use to perform specific tasks
            Libraries offer flexibility and allow you to have more control over your code.

    Framework:A comprehensive set of rules, conventions, and tools that provide a structured approach to application development.
              Frameworks provide an architecture and flow of control, requiring developers to follow their predefined structure.



Q3 What is CDN? Why do we use it?

    Content Delivery network is a network of inter connected Servers which helps to 
    speed up webpage loading for data heavy applications


Q4 Why is React known as React?

    React is known as react because it is a library reacts according to data and update the user interface accordingly

Q5 What is cross-origin in the script tag?

    cross-originis an attribute used when loading external resources such as scripts,stylesheet,fonts in webpage

Q6 What is the difference between React and ReactDOM

    React and ReactDOM are two distinct packages within the React ecosystem.
    React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces, while ReactDOM is responsible for 
    rendering React components into the browser's Document Object Model (DOM)

    React: React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces. 
           It provides a declarative and component-based approach to creat interactive UI 
           With React, you can define reusable UI components and manage their state and behavior.

    ReactDOM: ReactDOM is a package that provides the integration between React and the 
              browser's Document Object Model (DOM).
    

Q7 What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?

    **react.development.js--it is used for debugging purpose and development  
                            It includes additional features such as helpful warnings, error messages, 
                            and readable code that aids developers in identifying and resolving issues during the development phase
    
    **react.development.js--this file is optimized for production deployment.It is smaller in size as it removes 
                            the development-specific features present in the development version, resulting in a minimized file size.


Q8 What are async and defer? - see my Youtube video 

    **async--when html parse(load from up to down)in async at the same time js file also download and after downloading 
             it stop html file to parse and then execute js.after that parse continue

    **defer--when html parse in defer at the same time js file got download and when parse complete after that js file execute

